---
title: Art Club
permalink: /cca/visual-n-performing-arts/art-club/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Visual & Performing Arts
---
<p>2021 has been a fruitful year for us as we embarked on new art experiences, allowing the art club members an opportunity to play around with various new art mediums.</p>
<p>Earlier this year, we kick-started our sessions by experimenting with resin art. Art club members created works of art that enchant with their clarity, luminosity, brilliance and depth. We were taught how to incorporate different effects by choosing the type of pigment, colours and additives. These included dried flowers of different sizes, colours and types. We also had a chance to try out the UV ray machine to help dry our coasters and keychains. This workshop was definitely enjoyable and we look forward to further workshops such as flower preservation.</p>
<p>Other than being able to work on hands-on art pieces, art club has been given an opportunity to experiment digital art with the use of iPads, which is a completely new experience for our club. We got to play around with the different features on the app and even drew our individual characters from scratch! During the last two digital art sessions, we also got to create a short comic of the characters we created based on the school&rsquo;s theme this year of &ldquo;Fortitude, Arise, Anew&rdquo;. Especially when most of the members were new to digital art, it is amazing to see art club members learning a new skill to incorporate into our future works.</p>
<p>This year, we have been able to explore a variety of mediums, which are new to most of us. From resin, to digital art, and even to mixed media. These workshops allowed us to engage in new experiences, honing our skills in art. We are able to make our own choices regarding our works, using our own aesthetic senses to make them appealing.</p>
<p>We also had the opportunity to attend a mixed media workshop. Through this, we were able to explore new mediums, and combine them to create a single, cohesive, artwork. We had to put our aesthetic senses to use, to ensure that our works were balanced, and pleasing to the eye. Coloured tissues, white gesso and white glue were used to create a cracking effect for the first art piece. It was interesting to watch it crack, and we were extremely impressed with the end results. We finished the piece by adding a charcoal drawing of an antique toy. Drawing the toy allowed us to learn about proportions and the lighting of the various real objects.</p>
<p>As for the second piece, we painted the background with various colours, before adding gesso to the board and creating small scratches to form &ldquo;pockets of colour&rdquo;. On top of the gesso, we added charcoal drawings of everyday stationery such as scissors and staplers. The end results of both art pieces were stunning.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are extremely grateful to be given a chance to attend these workshops. Creating works using 2D or 3D mediums, or even a mix of different mediums, help provide a fun way to explore new materials and styles. The results we have produced have paid off with our hard work as well as our adaptability to changes. Without the help and support from the instructors and our teachers-in-charge, Ms Farhana and Mdm Yante, we would not have expanded our ideas of what art can be! We have definitely learnt a lot this year and look forward to more experiences that are set for us in the future.</p>