---
title: RHD25
permalink: /rhd25/
date: 2025-07-25
layout: post
description: ""
image: ""
variant: markdown
---
<p>The school burst into a kaleidoscope of colours on Friday, 25 July 2025, as TKGS commemorated Singapore’s annual Racial Harmony Day. Students wore a vibrant array of traditional costumes, showcasing Singapore's rich diversity. They donned baju kurungs, cheongsams, and lehengas, representing the country's main racial groups. The celebration of culture went even further, with students also arriving in traditional dress from their home countries of Japan, Vietnam, and Indonesia.</p>

<p>In an effort to capture the moment, classes took part in a friendly competition to snap the most creative class photograph. Class spirits ran high, and some classes went all out—even roping in our school leaders for bonus points!</p>

<p>Meanwhile, during TK Glow periods, each level explored a different hands-on craft. Secondary One students learned how to draw intricate Kalam patterns, while Secondary Two students made traditional Chinese knots. Our upper secondary students crafted rattan coasters, representing strength, resilience, and unity. These experiences give us an opportunity to “celebrate all the differences between races as a nation and learn new things about each other,” said Nurun Nuha (2G7).</p>

<p>The event's legacy lessons brought students closer together. They shared meaningful aspects of their heritage, explaining why traditions mattered and the values they represented.</p>

<p>The festivities culminated in a vibrant lunchtime concert, filling the canteen with energy and cheers. Musicians from different races came together to play instruments from various traditions. “It was interesting because I got to learn about their different cultures and traditions!” shared Erica Lee (2G7).</p>