---
title: LI25
permalink: /li25/
date: 2025-05-14
layout: post
description: ""
image: ""
variant: markdown
---
<p>The Leaders' Investiture on 14 May wasn't just an event; it was a deeply meaningful moment where we honoured the incredible commitment of our Class, CCA, House leaders as well as prefects. It was a day that to truly celebrate those who have bravely stepped forward, ready to serve their peers, school, and the wider community with purpose and passion.</p>
<p>This ceremony marked the start of a leadership journey, one built on the foundations of purpose, courage, and selfless service. More than simply a formal appointment, the Investiture was a heartfelt call to action – a powerful affirmation of our unwavering belief that every single student leader possesses the ability to ignite positive change. We trust in their capacity to lead not just with integrity, but with profound empathy and heart.</p>
<p>As Ashni D/O Kanagarajan Solagar, our Head Prefect for 2025/26, shared, “the investiture was such a proud and exciting moment—it really made everything feel real. Standing there with my fellow leaders, I felt honored and ready to take on the responsibility with confidence and heart." Her words truly captured the spirit of this significant occasion.</p>
<p>"The journey leading up to the Leaders’ Investiture was both challenging and fulfilling. I’m truly honoured to have been given the opportunity to lead as part of the Class Committee Exco,” reflects Sabrina Lin, President of the Class Committee Exco 25/26. </p>
<p>As these new student leaders take on their new roles, we are reminded that leadership is not about titles, but about the daily choices to uplift others, to persevere in the face of challenges, and to lead by example. Congratulations to our student leaders!</p>
